# Module 10: Team Profile Gen

## Description
This repository contains files that were created from scratch that takes in information about employees on a software engineering team, which then generates a HTML webpage with each person that information was provided for. 

## Installation

N/A

## Usage

This challenge is a great stepping stone for further development with using Node.js and the Inquirer package in order to provide information and be given a webpage as a response. The usage of this repo can be used by a number of companies and organizations that wish to create a page with ease with all their employees organized in one place. 

## Website URL

https://github.com/peckham4563/Team-Profile-Gen

![Screenshot](/dist/Team-profile-gen-screenshot.png "Webpage Screenshot")

## Credits

N/A

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 peckham4563

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
# Week 2 Challenge

## Description
This repository contains an HTML and CSS file that were created from scratch in order to create a portfolio of my information to show my skillset with both HTML and CSS. The project instructions were to start from a blank canvas and transform it into a usable portfolio. Some of the criteria was when you viewed the code you were able to view a portfolio with contact information, name, photo, and information about me.
## Installation

N/A

## Usage

This portfolio can not only be used to learn information about me and contact me, it can also be used as a template for others to view my HTML and CSS to aid their own portfolios. This portfolio can also be used to give to possible employment oppritunities to show my skills and applications I've completed. As my skills improve and I complete more assignments, the portfolio can be improved and added to. 

## Website URL

https://peckham4563.github.io/AP-Portfolio/

![Screenshot](/Other/Portfolio-Screenshot.png "Webpage Screenshot")

## Credits

N/A

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 peckham4563

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
